---
layout: post
title: Who we are
date: 2021-02-28T00:00:00.000+01:00
description: We the money makers Nordic are your guys. Comprised of immigrants and
  native Swedes, we are here to help you make sense of the stock market and how to
  enter the market via the Swedish trading platforms.
img: mm.png
fig-caption: Stock market image
tags:
- Introduction
- Welcome
hidden: false

---
### Who we are

When you find yourself in a new country, there is a lot that doesn’t make sense at first. You must find ways to get and decode information of all sorts for survival. You may need to improvise and adapt to overcome many barriers.In fact you will need the help of those already on the ground to help you make sense of your new home.

We the money makers Nordic are your guys. Comprised of immigrants and native Swedes, we are here to help you make sense of the stock market and how to enter the market via the Swedish trading platforms. People without the knowledge of investing in the stock market are falling behind and we are here to help you get a head start. We provide you with a community to guide and mentor you on stock market investments and challenge you to be proactive and develop the guts to start.

### Our goal

As a community, we are here to encourage a savings and investing culture and inspire you to begin small irrespective of your income. Our motto is "Connect, Learn and Invest". As an initiative we believe that you do not have to be rich to invest in the stock market. That **you do not invest what is left after spending, rather you spend what is left after investing**. As such, you need the courage and inspiration to start. We precisely provide you with the necessary knowledge and motivation to do so.

As stock market enthusiasts from different nationalities and leveraging on years of good and bad experiences, we are daily increasing our knowledge and we have what it takes to offer help, guidance, and mentorship to anyone interested in joining the stock market in Sweden. While similar platforms may exist in Swedish, our focus is on the English-speaking newcomers to Sweden for ease of communication and jumping over the language barrier.

### What we offer

Through various social media platforms.

* We offer information and guidance on the basics of investing in the stock market.
* We answer questions on investments
* We provide investment outlook and which stocks to watch out for buying/selling.
* We provide a weekly/monthly newsletter
* We host fortnight webinars/podcasts that cover investments and interesting news in the market.

Watch out for our upcoming post on the basics of the stock market.